c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\NetworkManager.exe.config
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\obj\Debug\NetworkManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\NetworkManager.exe
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\NetworkManager.pdb
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\obj\Debug\NetworkManager.exe
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\obj\Debug\NetworkManager.pdb
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Serialization.NetJSON.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\NetJSON.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Serialization.NetJSON.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Hosting.Self.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Hosting.Self.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Common.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketBase.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketEngine.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperWebSocket.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Common.pdb
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketBase.pdb
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketEngine.pdb
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperWebSocket.pdb
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\SuperWebSocket.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Sessions.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Sessions.pdb
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Authentication.Basic.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Authentication.Forms.dll
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Authentication.Basic.xml
c:\users\vuzi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetworkManager\NetworkManager\bin\Debug\Nancy.Authentication.Forms.xml
